

model.potion.heal=potionhealobj.wom
model.potion.dodge = potionprotectionobj.wom
model.potion.excell = potionbuffcombatobj.wom
model.potion.goat = potionbuffnormalobj.wom
model.potion.FranticCharge = potionbuffcombatobj.wom
model.potion.fog = potionprotectionobj.wom
model.potion.Oakshell = potionprotectionobj.wom
model.potion.stamina = potionhealobj.wom
model.potion.SixthSense = potionbuffnormalobj.wom
model.potion.strength = potionbuffnormalobj.wom
model.potion.truehit = potionbuffcombatobj.wom
model.potion.vynora = potionultimateobj.wom
model.potion.mana = potionbuffnormalobj.wom 
model.potion.karma = potionbuffnormalobj.wom
model.WeaponOil = potionultimateobj.wom
model.mixture.protection = soupprotection.wom
model.mixture.combat = soupbuffcombat.wom
model.mixture.normal = soupbuffnormal.wom
model.mixture.heal = soupheal.wom
model.mixture.ultimate = soupultimate.wom
model.phial = glassbottle.wom


####SOUNDS####
##Potions##
sound.openFlask = sounds/potions/flaskOpen.ogg
sound.drink = sounds/potions/drink.ogg

##Oils##
sound.oilWeapon = sounds/oils/oilGlug.ogg